[docs] Explain localizing iOS permission messages (#48403)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v57.0.0/sdk/camera.mdx

  ]}
/>

> To localize the iOS camera or microphone permission message, keep the matching config-plugin property as the default value and add `NSCameraUsageDescription` or `NSMicrophoneUsageDescription` to the `ios` object in each [locale file](/guides/localization/#translating-app-metadata). Expo writes the localized values to `InfoPlist.strings` during prebuild.

Reviewer: ✏️ **style** `mechanics.md#vale-rules-enforced-if-missed`

The first sentence runs to 31 words, and "the matching config-plugin property" leaves the reader to map the two keys back to the property table above. Name `cameraPermission` and `microphonePermission` directly, split the sentence, and bold **InfoPlist.strings**.

```suggestion
To localize the iOS camera or microphone permission message, add `NSCameraUsageDescription` or `NSMicrophoneUsageDescription` to the `ios` object in each [locale file](/guides/localization/#translating-app-metadata). Keep `cameraPermission` and `microphonePermission` as the default values. Expo writes the localized values to **InfoPlist.strings** during prebuild.
```

<!-- docs-review -->
